README.md, before:

# Naboo Microservice - Product Suggestions

# Get start
## Server
1. The server port is set to 8080.
2. run `npm start` to start the server

## Endpoints
1. GET '/api/suggestions/products/:product_id'

## Test
run `npm run test-server` 

# Database
To power up the database, we need to cd into server first.  `cd server`

## Config env var
`export DB_NAME=naboo_dev`

## Init DB
1. run `sequelize db:create` to start the PG database
2. run `sequelize db:migrate` for database migration 

## Seed data for DB
1. run `sequelize db:seed:all`
2. run `sequelize db:seed:undo:all`

## Drop DB
1. We can run `sequelize db:drop` to drop the db

## Seed data
1. run `node libs/helpers/import-seed-data.js`

# Cluster / Load balancer with PM2
## Installation
`npm install pm2 -g`

## Start load balancer
`pm2 start ecosystem.config.js`

## Stop load balancer
`pm2 stop ecosystem.config.js`

## Delete load balancer
`pm2 delete ecosystem.config.js`

# Docker
## Building a docker image
`docker build -t proxy-suggestions .`

## Running a Docker container
### To see created images, run: 
`docker images`

### To run the container
`docker run -p 80:8080 {image-id}`

### To stop the container
`docker stop {container-id}`

# Production DB
## Create table on Production DB
`docker exec -it {docker_container_id} /bin/sh -c 'npm run db:migrate'`

## Seed the db
`docker exec -it {docker_container_id} /bin/sh -c 'npm run db:seed:all'`


## Deployment with PM2 to EC2

### SSH into the server
`ssh -i ~/.ssh/rpt-08-naboo.pem  ubuntu@ec2-13-56-227-30.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com`

# TODO
Add another db (mongodb) to store and handle product similiarity scores.

Commit message:

how to deploy to ec2

README.md, after:

# Naboo Microservice - Product Suggestions

# Get start
## Server
1. The server port is set to 8080.
2. run `npm start` to start the server

## Endpoints
1. GET '/api/suggestions/products/:product_id'

## Test
run `npm run test-server` 

# Database
To power up the database, we need to cd into server first.  `cd server`

## Config env var
`export DB_NAME=naboo_dev`

## Init DB
1. run `sequelize db:create` to start the PG database
2. run `sequelize db:migrate` for database migration 

## Seed data for DB
1. run `sequelize db:seed:all`
2. run `sequelize db:seed:undo:all`

## Drop DB
1. We can run `sequelize db:drop` to drop the db

## Seed data
1. run `node libs/helpers/import-seed-data.js`

# Cluster / Load balancer with PM2
## Installation
`npm install pm2 -g`

## Start load balancer
`pm2 start ecosystem.config.js`

## Stop load balancer
`pm2 stop ecosystem.config.js`

## Delete load balancer
`pm2 delete ecosystem.config.js`

# Docker
## Building a docker image
`docker build -t proxy-suggestions .`

## Running a Docker container
### To see created images, run: 
`docker images`

### To run the container
`docker run -p 80:8080 {image-id}`

### To stop the container
`docker stop {container-id}`

# Production DB
## Create table on Production DB
`docker exec -it {docker_container_id} /bin/sh -c 'npm run db:migrate'`

## Seed the db
`docker exec -it {docker_container_id} /bin/sh -c 'npm run db:seed:all'`


## Deployment with PM2 to EC2

### SSH into the server
`ssh -i ~/.ssh/rpt-08-naboo.pem  ubuntu@ec2-13-56-227-30.us-west-1.compute.amazonaws.com`

### deploy the project from local
`npm i pm2 --save-dev`

# TODO
Add another db (mongodb) to store and handle product similiarity scores.
